How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    Easier, but still took some time.
    NOTE: 
    	win -> fc old_file new_file
    	mac & linux -> diff -u old_file new_file

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
in the long term?

    You don't make the same mistakes again. You can see when the change happened -> it's easier to
    look up for the right old version of the file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do
in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

    Manually -> you decide when to commit, so it's clearer what kind of changes were made between 
    commits. Con: you can forget to commit for a long time and when it comes to solving problems it 
    can be real pain
    Automatically -> you rarely lose big chunks of data, but when viewing history it is not clear 
    which version is the right one, so you really need to spend more time to look into all probable 
    versions of the document. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git -> you save at once bigger chunks of code, it's not saving files as you go, so when it's 
    time to save, it saves everything needed at once
    Google Docs -> you are usually writing one doc, so it's periodically saving versions of that 
    one file. This is usually used as somethig that needs only one file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With git log you can see which commitment have been made -> history of the particular file
    With git diff you can see where the differences between two commitments of the same file have
    been made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    You can still go back to an old file, which was good enough. It can spare you hours of search 
    for the error... you just go back to working version and check $git diff where the things went 
    wrong.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To develop apps and using git for saving different versions of the files that are part of the 
    app. 
